Outreachy Experience and The Wellbeing logic

A more diverse platform, with participants from around the globe, can be a source of well-being.
Not only different cultures and backgrounds but different ideas.
Guess What!! Galaxy Community Hub platform joins over a thousand participants with the common goal of contributing to an open-source coding challenge.
It’s no doubt that joining the Outreachy community has been a source of happiness for me, meeting brilliant minds is a great experience of a lifetime.
What would it look like to elaborate on the term well-being?

Well-being is the experience of health, happiness, and prosperity.
It includes having good mental health, high life satisfaction, a sense of meaning or purpose, and the ability to manage stress.
More generally, well-being is just feeling well.

Well-being emerges from your thoughts, actions, and experiences — most of which you have control over.
For example, when we think positive, we tend to have greater emotional well-being.
When we pursue a meaningful life, we tend to have better social well-being.
And when we lose our job — or just hate it — we tend to have lower workplace well-being.
These examples start to reveal how broad well-being is, and how many different types of well-being there are.

5 Major Types of Well-Being

Emotional Well-Being. The ability to practice stress-management
and relaxation technics, be resilient, boost self-love and generate the emotions that lead to good feelings.
Physical Well-Being. The ability to improve the functioning of your body through healthy living and good exercise habits.
Social Well-Being. The ability to communicate, develop meaningful relationships with others,
and maintain a support network that helps you overcome loneliness.
Workplace Well-Being. The ability to pursue your interests, values,
and life purpose in order to gain meaning, happiness, and enrichment professionally.
Societal Well-Being. The ability to actively participate in a thriving community, culture, and environment.